Doc update: Fix main.go shim example link (#8123)
influxdata/telegraf: docs/EXTERNAL_PLUGINS.md

  in the new repo. For a further example of what this might look like, take a
  look at [ssoroka/rand](https://github.com/ssoroka/rand) or
  [danielnelson/telegraf-execd-openvpn](https://github.com/danielnelson//telegraf-execd-openvpn)

>   1. Copy [main.go](/plugins/inputs/execd/shim/example/cmd/main.go) into your project under the `cmd` folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  1. Copy [main.go](/plugins/common/shim/example/cmd/main.go) into your project under the `cmd` folder.
```

Reviewer: The inputs version of this should be avoided, and will probably be redirected at the common/shim version.
